OK, so today we're starting off
with a complex scene. So with
complex scenes like we were
doing last time, I tried to take
3 to 5 minutes to describe what
you see in the scene and I'm
going to share my screen.
OK. Can you see my screen? Yes.
OK, perfect. So you could begin
when you're ready.
OK.
Umm.
#START_waldo_1 It looks like a
where's Waldo? Scene of
somewhere, most likely in
Europe. There's the main Plaza
that's triangle. Triangle that
triangularly shaped.
With a fountain in the middle.
And with water shooting on the
fountain and on top of the
fountain it's a man with the
goggles or with a.
A mask and fins.
Looks like he should be scuba
diving. There are people walking
all around. Also within the
triangle within the Plaza is an
Archer from ancient Rome and
driving on the streets around
this triangular Plaza.
Fountain Plaza are different
colored cars. Volkswagen Bugs
green, blue. There's a yellow
truck, a red car, a Gray car.
There are. There's a main pink
building with a green carpet in
front and a red and white
awning.
Off the front and then all the
windows around the pink
building, which are quite.
Quite a lot. There are little
flower boxes at each window.
There is a house or a building
on another corner of the Plaza
where there are.
Workman in overalls.
I can't tell what they have.
They're fighting with either
mops or and then buckets on
their head.
On the roof of the building.
At street level, there are other
vendors.
With red and white.
vending tables or red and white
awnings covering their vending
tables that people are milling
around and buying plants or
food. There's another building
on another corner that looks
like a bank.
Walking up some stairs through
the door.
There's a veranda with a.
Figure on the roof.
Umm.
And the rest of the scene is
mostly just people walking
around. There are a number of
streets in different directions.
But it's a very colorful scene
and lots of people. And then
with ladders, cleaning windows
and buildings, people on roofs
walking around chasing a cat.
Then fixing things on the roof,
maybe air conditioning systems
or.
Whatever it is they're doing.
That's it. #END_waldo_1
OK.
OK, next is.
The short story.
So like last last time, when
you're done describing the one
page, you could ask me to move
on to the next page.
It's loading, Sir.
Does this have a time, a time
frame? I forget. So the stories
kind of just depend because like
some of them have like way more
slides than others, usually like
between 10 to 15 minutes. But
some stories that are really
short, it'll be like probably a
little less than that. And you
just want me to tell this story
or just describe this. So
describe what you see and what
is happening in the story.
How how is your New Year's?
Good. How was yours? You good?
Oh OK, all of it is not working.
Ohh there we go.
Rick.
Still loading OK.
OK.
I'm just going to grab it. Oh
yeah.
When it's ready.
OK, let's see if this works now.
OK.
There we go. Let's see.
OK, can you see my screen? OK,
perfect.
OK, should I start?
Yep, you could start. OK.
#START_arrival_1 I'm looking at
a picture with nine.
Umm.
Parts. They're laid out in three
sections, 3,3 squares with
pictures in them on the 1st.
Well, it's a cube.
With three cubes, 3 cubes and
three cubes. Um the first three
on the top. In the first one
there's a picture of a family, a
young girl and her parents. In
the second picture, there is a
hand lifting up the picture of
the family that was sitting up
on a mantle. And then the third
picture there's a it's showing
two hands, the hands of a person
folding the picture into a
cloth.
The 4th picture is on the 2nd
row down of this cube of nine
pictures.
Is hands wrapping the picture in
cloth and tying it up with the,
With string.
And tie the string into a knot.
Around the picture, the middle
picture of the cube is.
Shows the hand is setting the
picture into a into something
just putting it in. And and then
and then next picture, the 6th
one shows the hands closing a
lid so it looks as if the person
put the picture into a suitcase
or a briefcase or something.
The six the six seventh picture,
the bottom row, left hand side
shows the hands tightening the
suitcase.
With the buckle and firmly
closing the suitcase.
The 7th, 8th picture shows the
hand, just making sure that the
the buckle is tight.
And push, in the last picture,
the corner bottom right picture
shows the hands pushing.
The suitcase together to make
sure that it's tight.
You come to the next page. Again
there are nine pictures in the
form of a cube. The top left
picture is that of a a bird
that's been made out of paper.
And then the second picture, top
middle, is a picture of a clock.
That's in a.
It's it's not just the plain
clock, it's sitting in like a
little cabinet, but it's it's it
has the time of 10 o'clock.
The third picture on top right
is a picture of a hat and a
dishcloth hanging on the wall.
That's all you can see is the
wall and the hat on the left and
the dishcloth on the right.
In the 2nd row, left side,
there's a picture of a a pot
with a lid and a spoon, a wooden
spoon next to it.
The middle picture of the 2nd
row is a picture of the family
that was drawn by a child.
Looks like a child's drawing
with the dad and the mom, the
child. And the father has a
little bird on his arm. Also in
the picture there's a picture of
the sun with a couple more birds
flying through the air and the
mom has a flower in her hand.
The.
The middle row right picture is
a picture of broken teapot.
Although there's steam coming
out of it, so it must not be
broken, it must be able to hold.
Water and.
That's been heated, although
there is a big crack in the pot.
The bottom left picture is a
teacup with a chip and it has
some tea in it or coffee
steaming with some papers.
Possibly money sitting next to
the teacup and saucer.
The middle picture bottom row is
that of a steamer trunk with
clothing items folded in it and
it has some travel stickers on
it where the person may have
traveled. And the last picture
bottom row left right hand side
is a picture of the family
again, the mom and dad and the
child.
That's on the left side of the
left side page of the book. On
the right side page of the book,
there's a picture of the father
and the mother. They've.
It's a full scene of the room
that we've just, that I've just
described showing.
One wall with the mantle that
has the the bird, the folded
paper bird, the clock and some
bottles.
On the mantle and also on that
wall, underneath the mantle is a
is the hat.
And the dishcloth.
Followed by the stove with the
pot on it.
And then the picture of the
family drawn by the child that's
hanging on the wall.
In front of the wall is the
kitchen table that has the trunk
or the suitcase and the parents
are standing on each side of the
suitcase holding hands and
looking sadly or seriously at
the suitcase.
Looking as if they're not
anticipating or excited about
what's to happen. Someone's
leaving or
They've lost someone and they're
packing up the things on the
table.
As well as the suitcase are two
cups of coffee with the teapot
or two cups of tea that are
steaming so they're hot. And
then there is the money or
passport or something sitting on
the table also.
Yeah.
The page is turned and on the
left side of the page.
There are 12 pictures.
Umm.
Each row there are four rows of
pictures. Each row has three
pictures. On the top row, left
hand side, it shows a little
girl in her bed sleeping. You
can just see the top of her head
and her hair and her blanket.
The next picture shows that
she's opened her eyes and is
looking around, waking up.
And then the third picture, top
row, she's sat up and is yawning
and wiping her eyes and just
waking up.
The 2nd row down. She's gotten
out of bed and has been served
her breakfast, sitting up in her
chair at the table.
She's got a spoon in her hand in
the second picture.
On the 2nd row, middle picture,
she has a spoon in her hand and
she's eating something from her
bowl.
And she looks to the left of
her.
Self and this looking at
something and.
The picture. The next picture
shows the suitcase. So she's
probably looking at the suitcase
which is now sitting in the
corner of the room.
The 3rd row of pictures is the
father putting on his hat.
And the mother putting on her
and the.
The second picture of the third
row is the mother putting on
her.
Shawl over her head.
And now they have.
The little girl has finished her
breakfast and in the third
picture of the third row, the
little girl is putting on her
hat and her mother is buttoning
her coat or tying her hat under
her chin.
In the last row of pictures, the
4th row, the little girl is
putting on her boots and looks
like she's picking up the
suitcase and handing it to her
father.
And the family is ready to go
out, so the next page of the
book shows them having left
their house.
Gone down out the door, down
four steps and walking through
the streets.
And on the wall of the building
that they've just left, you see
the tail of a dragon, shadow of
the tail of a dragon on the
wall.
Next page.
This.
The first page that we're
looking at, at the next page is
3 pictures in the top row, the
little girl's holding her
father's hand and she's looking
up.
The second picture shows her
looking back down at the
grounds.
And then it shows her looking to
the left.
It's.
The person who's holding her
left hands, so she's in between
two people, she's holding I
guess her parents' hands still.
The middle picture, it's one big
picture, they've come to the
train station and it looks as
though they've they're standing
there waiting for the train and
there are other people around
them with luggage, also waiting
for the train that's pulling
into the station.
Um it's a steam train or a coal
burning train. There's a lot of
smoke coming out of the stack of
the or the the steam engine. On
the bottom row of pictures,
there are three. The girl looks
worried and her father has his
hand on her shoulder and she's
looking up at him. And the next
picture shows him lifting up his
hat and the folded bird is on
his head under his hat and he
takes it down and.
Hands it to his daughter and she
holds it.
And he whispers in her ear that
this is his gift to her as he's
leaving, and to remember him.
By it. And this is on the next
page. So she takes the bird and
he gives her a hug.
And she looks at him and she
looks at her mother. In the next
row of pictures.
Sorry, on this page there are
four rows of pictures.
Three pictures in each row.
On the 2nd row, after the little
girl has.
Taken the paper bird from her
father. The 2nd row of picture
starts with the mother.
Crying and dabbing her eyes with
her handkerchief.
And giving her husband a hug.
She's obviously sad, she doesn't
want him to go, and he whispers
in her ear and kisses her that
he'll see her soon, and he takes
the suitcase and climbs up into
the train.
And finds a seat and reaches out
his window, and takes the hands
of his wife and daughter and.
wishes them one final goodbye
and then he pulls his hand away
and the train.
The last row of pictures shows
in the first picture of the
train pulling away and the
father is waving.
And the train is further away in
the second picture and then in
the third picture on the bottom
row.
The only thing you see is the
smokestack and the very faint.
Picture of the train far in the
distance. Next page.
This page is is has three rows
of pictures with three pictures
in each row. The first row of
pictures is another picture of
the little girl with her
parents.
The first row middle picture is
showing a picture of the, a bowl
and a spoon with some soup in it
and.
Someone is looking at the
picture of the family.
um sitting on top of the
suitcase and then the third
picture completes the pictures.
Where it shows that it's the
father sitting with the bowl of
soup and a spoon as his hands as
he stares at the picture of him
and his wife and daughter.
And the picture sitting on his
suitcase in a room.
The middle row of pictures.
Umm.
Shows the window. Looks as if
someone's looking in a window at
the father and he must have
heard something.
So he looked. He's looking at
the window.
And what you see is the same
picture of him inside, where
he's got his bowl and spoon and
he's got the picture of his
family on his suitcase, but this
time he's looking out the
window.
And the the scene of him with
his bowl and his.
picture of his family in the
suitcase is getting further away
as you see, as you're looking
through the window.
And the last picture of the 2nd
row.
Shows three different windows
and the father.
With the bowl of soup is in the
middle window.
And then the bottom row first
picture on the left.
Shows several rows of windows.
Actually 3 rows of windows and
in each row there are.
At least four Windows.
That there are different scenes
in the windows.
And the middle picture as it
comes out further shows that
these are windows on a boat.
That's the steamliner, and in
each window there's a scene
taking place of an an individual
doing something. Finally, the
last picture on the bottom row,
right hand side shows the full
picture of the boat that is now
on the water.
Taking people somewhere.
#END_arrival_1
Next page.
Alright, let me see.
And next is a complex scene.
OK, so this is just the scenes
to describe what you see
happening in the scene.
OK.
#START_campsite So this is a
scene.
Um, it's another where's Waldo
scene?
And.
The picture is separated by a
river.
On the lower part of the river.
It's a scene of mostly.
More.
Umm.
I'm trying to think of the word.
Less elegant types of outdoor
activities.
There are tents, teepees, lots
of fabric.
Lean-to's and places where
people are inhabiting. It looks
like they're out camping, having
a good time, people around
campfires and enjoying the
water, fishing, walking along
paths. There are some.
Areas of green that are
surrounded by bushes and a
fence, where a bull and a donkey
are enclosed and some animals
are enclosed. And there are some
people inside the enclosure,
someone who's doing like a bull
fight.
With the bull, has a red, they
have a red cape in their hands
and people are worried that
they're going to get hurt.
There are hikers and people that
are walking up and down the
road.
And so on the one side, the
lower side of the river, you
have lots of campers and hippie
type people. You have people
blowing up their their raft to
go into the water, lots of
children and people looking
around.
Just enjoying their time and
their tents.
And then you have a bridge where
people are coming and going and
walking over the bridge to the
other side of the river, the
upper part of the page, where
you have a more.
Modern scene of campers. People
in.
Their
Camping.
I guess the only best way to say
it is campers.
So they have, you know, modern
amenities such as running water
and probably a toilets, and
they've got an awning. One
camper has an awning where the
people can sit under it and
covers the door so that if it's
raining they won't get wet.
You have.
Multi colored campers. There's a
pink one and a blue one and a
green one.
And the campsite is bordered by
a bunch of bushes, so it kind of
keeps.
The other people out.
So you don't have the number,
same number of people in this
campsite as you do in the
campsite that
Where the tents are and and
people are coming and going and
jumping in the water.
The one that the.
The camper side, there's a
walkway along the water where a
lot of people are just milling
around. There's a biker.
There are people sitting on the
wall, dangling their feet over
over the wall into the water or
close to the water. There's a
man sitting on the wall fishing.
There's some people swimming
with the fish and there's a big
boat in the middle with people
in bathing suits and getting.
Ready to dive in the water.
Underneath the bridge, the
arched bridge that goes from one
side to the other.
There's a.
There's there are three people
in a canoe.
Umm, it looks actually more like
a raft and someone is standing
on it pushing it.
With a long pole.
And so they're heading down the
river actually towards the where
people are jumping off.
Umm.
And.
There are also.
Let's see. There's a group of
scuba divers practicing their
swimming on land, heading
towards crawling towards the
river. Not really sure what that
is, but they're laying on the
ground. Or maybe they're thirsty
and they're just trying to get
to the water to get a drink.
But they don't have any more
energy, so they're just
crawling.
And that's it. Lots of people.
Canvas tents across the river
and then.
Campers and people.
Camping all over the picture
bikes and doing camping things.
#END_campsite
OK, perfect. Let me see what's.
Next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, there we go. So this is
another scene.
OK.
Umm.
#START_birthday_party_fun I read
the title. It's a page that says
birthday party fun.
And.
It's about a birthday party and
it's is a crazy scene and looks
like a really fun birthday. So
somebody's having a birthday
party in a park or in their
backyard and the way you can
enter this party is in the lower
left hand side of the the scene.
The first page people are
entering.
And as you enter the yard.
Right on the left hand side
there. First of all, there are
balloons at the gate, so you
know that there's a party there
that's behind the gate and there
are people entering and they all
have gifts. And as you enter the
yard, there's a big table that
has is the place where you put
your gifts, so.
Table stacked high with gifts
for the birthday person.
And once you've put your gift
there, then the fun starts and
there's.
An above ground baby pool that's
actually pretty big for.
Anybody jumping in, it looks
like they're mostly kids in
there and they're having a good
time. Actually, no. There's some
adults in there too, but they're
splashing each other, throwing
water on each other.
They have some guns, water guns,
that they're squirting people
outside the boats or outside of
the pool with the water, and
everybody seems to be having a
good time laughing and smiling.
They, there's a group doing a
tug of war.
Between there's the the gift
table and then there's the food
table, and between those two
tables there's a group playing a
tug of war.
And right now it's it's even the
the the white.
Flag is right above the line, so
nobody's winning. It's pretty
even right now.
On one side of the tug of war.
Is a, um.
Looks like the pirates and then
the other side are the Vikings
and and Native Americans and
another group of people.
Umm so.
At the food table, it's stacked
high with good food and people
are all around it.
Taking food and and.
Enjoying that.
In the middle of the yard in a
tree.
With looks like some lanterns on
it and some flowers.
Um, and people are gathered
around the tree, but not really
looking at the tree or anything.
It's just there.
It's just there. But between the
little swimming pool and the
food table, there is a clown and
he has a bunch of balloons in
his hand. They're helium
balloons. They're floating in
the air and people are watching
him do his tricks. And
everybody, it seems in this
group, is in a costume. They
have, there's a mummy, there is
a man with a dog costume on and
a Penguin costume, and there's a
woman who.
Has a.
A renaissance gown on and
there's a lion.
Anyway, they're all enjoying the
clown show.
And as you go on to the next oh,
at the top of the page, heading
towards the table is a man with
the birthday cake.
And he's singing Happy Birthday,
but and there's a few people
singing along with him and and
excited about the cake. But no
one's really paying attention to
that because everybody's doing
something besides the tug of war
and the clown and the swimming
pool and the food. There's also
a pinata.
And the pinata is a colorful
donkey hanging from the tree,
and there's a group of parents
helping the kids.
Put their blindfold on and and
strike the pinata so they're all
enjoying the pinata. This looks
like such a fun party. And then
when you go to the next page,
there's a big bouncy castle. And
in the castle everybody's
bouncing around and having fun.
They're all in their costumes.
There's a crocodile and a knight
and a witch and a kid in the
Bunny suit.
And to name it. There's a
gargoyle and a bat. Looks like
Spiderman. They're all bouncing
in the bouncy house and sliding
down the slide and having a
great time.
Umm.
They also have at this party.
They brought in a little ponies
for pony rides, so there's a
group of kids in line for the
ponies and they're also dressed
up in costumes. There's a little
space, a guy in his spacesuit, a
guy in a robot outfits.
A little kid in a cowboy outfits
and Superman outfit and then.
They're running around chasing
each other. Looks like they're
playing tag.
And.
Yeah.
Oh, there's another group that
have masks on of ghosts and
things and.
Anyway, it's just a crazy scene
of birthday scene.
Many, many people in colorful
costumes running around having a
great time.
#END_birthday_party_fun
OK, perfect.
OK, Next is a short story.
OK, so just let me know when
you'd like me to flip the pages,
OK?
I'm looking at a scene. It's 2
pages of a book.
Umm.
That's very dark.
It's actually kind of hard to
see.
On the left page.
Obviously it's at night because
the main part of this.
Picture is a bridge, an arched
bridge.
That is lit, and you can tell
that the lights are on because
they're glowing and there's a
man in the middle of the bridge
with his dog.
And he's.
Walking towards.
What looks to be a amusement
park.
And on the other side of the
bridge there is looks to be like
a gas station.
Is the main thing that you can
tell what it is. To the left of
the gas station is.
Tent that a colorful tent.
That has stripes on the sides
that looks like a big top tent
where a circus might be held.
And behind that tent.
Is a Ferris wheel.
A metal Ferris wheel. It's very
dark so it's hard to tell. And
then there's a.
A building to the right of the
Ferris wheel that's just a tower
with a pointed roof and a window
or door and a little balcony.
In the middle of the tower.
Towards the bottom of this
picture, underneath the bridge.
Umm.
A car has gone off the road and
it has.
Gone into a ditch. It doesn't
look like there's liquid down
there although.
It looks like yeah the river is
dry, but the car has.
Gone off the road and down into
the river and as I look at the
next page.
Umm.
To the right of the gas station,
in front of the gas station
there's a road, and to the right
of the gas station there's a
bar.
And there's a truck that's
sitting parked on the road
outside of the bar and the bait
shop.
Between the bar and the bait
shop there is a stairway, a
concrete stairway heading up to
what looks to be like an
apartment building with some
windows that are.
Lighted up.
Umm.
So the bait shop.
It's after the bar and then next
to the bait shop. It looks like
a garage.
That may have.
Had an old warehouse or
something, and there's a person
crossing the street between the
bait shop and the bar or in the
warehouse.
Umm.
Along the road in front of the
bait shop opposite the bait shop
is a wooden.
Dock.
But because there's no water in
the river, you can see the poles
that the that are holding the
dock up.
And if you were standing on the
dock and looking into the river,
all you would see is mud and
sand and a little bit of water
at the bottom, and then there's
a an old anchor stuck in the
sand in the mud.
And that's that scene.
So.
The man who was originally on
the.
bridge
As he crossed the river towards
the bar and walked past the bait
shop and the warehouse and has
come to a main square, another
Piazza.
And.
It's well lit and there are some
people walking around. Not many.
Most of the people are up in
their, up in their rooms or in
their apartments.
Umm.
On the left page of this scene,
the man is standing under, a
bright street light is lit up
and you can see that he now has
a blue hat and a red scarf.
And it looks like a.
Gray or brown coat?
And what looks like maybe a cat
instead of a dog, I can't really
tell yet.
But he's lit up and the store.
And.
To his left, as I'm looking at
it, there is an apartment
building or a house that is made
of stone, and it has.
On the 2nd floor 2 Windows that
have.
I forget things that you close
that you can close the window.
And.
An arched doorway with four
steps that you can walk up into
the house.
And outside the stairwell is a
garbage can.
In front of the man where he's
walking straight ahead, there's
a fountain that looks like with
a statue of a man on a horse.
And to the to the right of the
man. As I'm looking at the
picture, there's another
building. It looks like a
storefront with windows on the
1st floor and an awning. And
then when there's a couple
windows on the 2nd floor where
people live.
Um.
There's a corner and as in well
in front of the man as he's
walking straight ahead past the
fountain there's a cafe, which
is maybe where he's heading to
go have a drink or some dinner.
And the cafe is 3 stories. It
looks like it has the business
on the bottom and then there are
apartment buildings on the
second and third floor where you
can see there are people inside
sitting.
or talking.
And there's this, there's a
lamppost down in front of the
cafe that's brightly lit.
And underneath that lamppost,
there's a man sitting in a car.
With the lights on, I don't know
if he stopped there or if he's
just waiting until the man, the
man who's walking gets out of
the street so that he can move
forward.
And in the lower right hand
corner of the second page,
there's a man.
Standing at his balcony.
He's just walked out onto his
balcony and looking down into
something that's well lit
because his face is bright.
Next page.
So.
The man who was walking over the
bridge and down the road in the
blue hat and red scarf.
Has crossed the street and
walked past the fountain.
Umm.
And.
Has passed the cafe.
Where there was a man sitting
out in front.
And is heading towards.
A small house.
A little.
Two-story house. Very cute.
With the big door in the front
and two windows.
And a walkway and and in in
front of the house it says that
it's for sale.
So it looks as if he's wondering
if he should buy this house.
Um, behind this little house
there's a big tree.
It looks like the house is not
in that great of a condition.
There's a ladder in front.
The windows look like they're
broken or the the the curtains
and the windows are tattered and
torn. The roof is sagging.
So that hasn't been habited in a
long time, but.
It looks like it would be a good
deal. You can get it for a good
price.
Behind that, there are other
houses where people are
currently living.
To the right of the little house
that's for sale is a brick house
that's two stories high. And
there are people living in that
house and they each window has
striped awnings.
And next to the Brick House is a
a stone house with stucco and
that's also that's a three story
house and it has a beautiful
entrance of French doors and
someone is.
At the window on the 2nd floor
with the doors thrown open.
And someone is sitting on the
third floor windows, also at a
table.
In front of the.
Beautiful stone stucco house is
a lighted lamppost.
And a fountain across the little
road. where there's a man
sitting there with his daughter.
Umm.
And there are a couple of other
three story houses that have
people in the windows.
So everybody seems to be home
for the night and enjoying their
evening and doing what they do
and some people are out walking
about.
But the main scene is this man
trying to decide if he should
buy this house.
Next page.
This is a picture two page
picture of the day.
And the day has come and the for
sale sign has come down. The man
has decided to buy the house and
he is fixing the house up.
In this picture, the only
colorful image is the man and
his house and the tree that's.
On his property, it's a
beautiful tree and it shades the
house and everything else. It's
the same scene except it's
daytime. The people have come
out of their houses, they're
walking in the roads, they're
riding their Vespas.
They're going to the store.
They're going about their day.
But the main thing that catches
your eye is the colorful scene
of the man fixing up his house.
And he's on a ladder.
I wish I could remember the name
of the these.
Things that close, open, and
close.
It's not coming to me, but
anyway, he's.
Taken one down and is fixing it
and rehanging it. He also has
has his lawn mower out and he's
mowed the lawn and so he's
making lots of progress on
fixing his house up.
And you can see now that the
roof is.
Red.
And the chimney is stone.
And his house is made of stone.
It's very cute.
Umm.
It's interesting. Nobody has
stopped by to talk to him.
Everybody's just doing their
thing. And again, there are
people in every every house.
They're up in their windows,
they're down on the street.
Umm.
Oh, and the sky is blue. Sorry.
That's the other colorful thing
is the sky. The sky is blue with
some pretty white clouds.
Passing by.
Next page.
So.
As the day goes on.
The the sky gets less blue, the
scene is brighter, but the only
thing that's bright.
And is in colorful is the man
and his house, and his tree, and
his grass.
The house is brighter, the the
windows are open, the he
He has a chair sitting in the
window. The roof is now painted
a beautiful purple. The tree is
blooming red.
And.
The man is off of his ladder and
it looks like he's heading out.
To town. His leaving his house.
His little animal is, I guess,
staying home to to protect the
property.
But it's very colorful, his
little corner of the world. The
rest of the picture on both
sides is still black and white,
although it's clearer and
brighter. Black and white and
Gray.
But there is one little other
colorful piece of the picture,
and it's a little girl.
And she has bright red hair and
the blue skirt and a yellow
shirt. And she's walking.
Umm.
Towards the fountain in the
picture, there's a little boy
there and a man that looks like
he has an ice cream truck.
And she's on the sidewalk,
walking towards the the Big
Stone house with the stucco.
Umm.
Walls and the man from the house
is walking in the same
direction. He's leaving his
walkway in his yard, which also
has looks like flowers in the
front.
He's planted some flowers.
Anyway, he's leaving his yard
and heading towards the sidewalk
in the same direction as the
little girl.
Elsewhere in the scene there
are.
Many more people on the streets
aren't quite as full as they
were, and the man on the Vespa
is still driving.
The There's an artist sitting on
out.
In the stone house with the
stucco, there's an artist
sitting on his little balcony
with his.
Artist palette in his hands.
and he's painting, I can't see
if that's an easel.
And there are people looking out
their windows all over the
picture.
Enjoying the day.
Turn the page.
So the picture has gotten more
color.
Umm.
And it seems as if.
Most of the colors surround the
man and the little girl.
The house is bright and lit, and
now the man has made friends.
Umm.
And because of that, there's
more color in the picture.
Umm.
His chimney now has color and.
The there's he's got his arm
around.
A person in front of his house
and this? I can't tell. It
doesn't look like a child, but
maybe it's a little child with
red hair and a green shirt and a
blue skirt. He's talking to them
and there's another man.
who's also, has some color to
him with red hair and blue
pants.
And there are a couple of
children in the street who he's
looking at, and they have color.
There's a little girl with
blonde hair and a pink.
Pants and the little boy with
blue pants and a green shirt.
And there's a man standing under
the light pole next to his
house.
And he has a red tie and a white
shirt and black pants.
And the little girl from the
last picture with the yellow
shirt and the blue skirt and the
red hair.
Is across the street hugging a
man.
And in that picture the second
and third floor have.
Taking on color the the window
shades are red and the people in
the windows.
Umm.
Have colorful clothes and hair
and.
All throughout the picture,
certain parts of the picture
have gotten color, and maybe it
means that these are places
where the man has been, or or
people that the man has spoken
to and he's brought life and
meaning into their lives.
And there's one.
On the second page on the right
hand side.
There's a moving truck, a moving
van, and people are moving. It
looks like they're moving things
into the van, so a family's
moving out.
Umm.
Not much to say about that,
except that they're moving.
And that there are. It's just
that the picture is taking on
more color and it will be
interesting to see the next
page.
So much more color in these
pages. As a matter of fact, I
think it's probably as bright as
it could be. And life is good.
This old man seems to have
brought life to this little
village.
Filled up the house with joy.
People are coming and going and
at this.
At this time he's having a
cookout and he's inviting people
to come by and and enjoy each
other's company and be together
and possibly may have even
gotten married and there's a
woman in along the walkway with
him.
Um, and maybe.
She had some grandchildren and
they've come to visit.
And the kids are playing in the
street and the dog, and there's
a man in a wheelchair who broke
his leg and he's walking past
and the little girl is saying
hello to him and.
People are talking and meeting
and.
All the.
The brick is bright red and the
walls are.
um white and the roofs are
purple. And the awnings, they're
colorful and there's a bright
red car in the road.
And just people coming and
going.
In color and life.
Umm.
So the day is passing.
Umm.
It starts to and dusk is
dawning.
And the people are still out
they're enjoying the time
together.
The ice cream truck has come by.
Our ice cream cart in front of
the man's, the little little
man's, the man's small house,
humble abode. The milk truck is
still there.
The lamp, the street lamps are
coming on, but people are out
enjoying themselves. The kids
are still out playing ball. The
the artist is now out.
Umm.
On the street.
Umm.
People are at the cafe, sitting
out and talking and eating and
people are up in their rooms,
the lights are on and everybody
seems to be so happy and the man
has.
Is playing with the children in
the street.
Has one child on his shoulders
and another one is pushing him
and laughing and.
Walking in a little parade down
the cobblestone Street.
Umm.
And a young and old elderly
couple is walking arm in arm,
and the mom and her daughter are
over by the fountain.
And there's even a man up on the
roof.
Waving to the crowds.
But the town, the little
village, is lit up, and the
cobblestone streets are alive
with life.
Ohh.
It's night time again. The
village is full of life. The
colors are.
Back and this is a picture on
the left side of the old man
walking out of town as he came
into town.
But this time, the town is
colorful and alive.
And I don't know if he's leaving
for good, but it looks like.
There is a.
Family.
Maybe he sold his house to them
or he's renting it to them, but
they are standing up on the
balcony.
Looking towards the back of
man's house, where maybe the
tree was or is standing.
There's three people, man and
his wife and their little girl,
and they're looking over the
balcony, away from the the
streets, away from the fountain
and away from the cafe, and
they're looking to the back
where the tree stood.
And the old man is in his blue
hat and green coat and red scarf
and his little dog or cat, and
they're walking away down the
cobblestone street out of town
the way they came in.
Turn the page.
And.
As he walks to another part of
town, he finds another house
that's for sale in another area
where the.
The houses are black and white
and Gray and there is no life
and it's just people are looking
out their windows at him, but he
still has color, he still has
life, and it looks as if he
wants to bring his joy and his
life to another part of town.
So he's standing in front of
this House, contemplating
whether or not he should buy it.
And as he walks by.
There's a little girl standing
on her doorstep.
And she's.
In color. She has a red jumper
with yellow shirt.
And and headband in her hair.
And her eyes are big and blue
and she's excited about a
beautiful little Violet flower
that.
I'm guessing the man just gave
to her and she's so happy and.
Her father is sitting in the
window and.
He also is holding a red flower
and he has a red bow tie and he
seems to be happy with his
flower also and happy that his
daughter's happy and.
In the lower right part of this
picture, all you see is the man,
his right arm holding his.
Suitcase and his dog's tail and
leg, the hind legs.
And they're walking away from
the little girl and her father.
#END_flowerman
I.
If you'd like to take like a 3-4
minute break right now, you can.
Umm.
I think I'm good, I just wanted
to check my messages but.
Umm.
That's good. It was just my
daughter.
Next is a complex scene.
Am I talking too much? Oh no,
you're good.
OK, I don't.
I'm not paying attention to the
time. I guess I shouldn't be
doing that.
There.
Here I also I'll make sure I
keep a timer and I'll let you
know if so. This is 3 to 5
minutes like these conflicts
seems.
OK, so just interrupt me if I.
#START_deep_sea_divers So we're
looking at the deep sea divers
and.
I'm looking at 2 full page, 2
full pages. It's all one picture
of what you might imagine the
sea would look like underneath,
filled with.
So on top of the sea there are
boaters and brightly colored
boats of.
Red and white stripes and green
and white stripes and blue and
white stripes. Some have sails.
Some people are on rocks that
are above the water. There are
fish flying out of the water.
It's a crazy scene of of fun and
water life.
And and it looks like that's
crazy with the boats and the
rocks and and the mermaids and
fantastical water life. But the
scene underneath the water, it's
even more incredible. It's
bright and colorful and every
kind of fish and crazy fish and
swimmer and.
Mermaid and fish swimming in the
shape of fish and seaweed and
octopus and things growing out
of the of the sea bottom and
there's a swordfish and.
Swimmers, scuba divers and just
people without scuba people who
can hold their breath for a long
time, swimming among the sharks
and the eels, green eels and.
Big scallop shells and Pearl
shells and.
There's
All kinds of sea life brimming.
Umm.
brimming throughout the the
pages.
Swimmers interacting with the
fish and fish interacting with
the swimmers and.
Umm.
There's a.
Group of fish that have made,
have put themselves in the shape
of arrows and there are three
arrows of fish pointing to the
right of the page and there's a
another fish that that's made up
of red fish and they.
Put themselves in the shape of a
fish, and there are fish that
are in the shape of a clown, a
clown's face. And there's an
octopus at the bottom of the
sea, and there's a what looks
like a hand growing out of the
bottom of the sea. And there are
people dancing on the bottom of
the sea in red and white, and
green and white, and blue and
white swim trunks.
And there's a big clam on the
bottom of the sea that could
hold a Pearl in a big sea chest
where there's a fish coming out
of it. They're all on the bottom
of the sea and.
And then there are people, there
are lines that come down from
the boats and and the lines have
anchors on them and they're.
They're stuck on the bottom and
there are people coming down
these lines and and.
Sliding down or swimming down
these lines to the bottom of the
sea.
And it's just a scene full of
life and and craziness.
And it's very colorful.
#END_deep_sea_divers Perfect.
Let me see what.
Next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, here you go.
OK.
#START_make_a_splash This is
called making a splash.
And it's a picture of a water
park.
And it looks like a very neat
water park. On the left side of
the picture, there are some
water slides. Their colors are
yellow, red and green, and
they're all intertwined and
entangled. But on each slide
there are lots of people sliding
down.
And lots of people in line. The
slides come down a group of
rocks so that people are are
climbing up the rocks and then
getting on the slide and sliding
down into the water.
Where it's full of people, it's
a very crowded day at the water
park.
So the water is full of crowds
of people in inner tubes and
just swimming and and then
across the water from the
slides, the three water slides
is a.
A ship, an an old fashioned
pirate ship and coming out of
the pirate ship is a big slide,
a big yellow slide and kids are
sliding down that and that's
going into the water, so.
You know kids are sliding down
the slide from the from the
pirate ship. They're climbing up
the the mast and the the.
The rope lines.
Up to the top of the masts on
the pirate ship, they're
standing on deck on the pirate
ship, maybe even some of them
are jumping over, and outside of
the pirate ship there's a sea
monster, a sea serpent, and some
kids are climbing on the sea
serpent and enjoying.
Umm.
Playing with that also.
And so across the lagoon, way
across the lagoon and the, or
the water from the.
The tangled slides on the rock
is a rainbow slide where more
kids are coming down and they
have dips and bumps in them. And
there's some, there's a mom with
her little son on her lap and
they're sliding down together
and the kids are laughing and
having a good time and they're
falling into the water.
And everybody's.
Sliding into the same area of
the water and just having a
great time. There's also.
An area with big balls.
Oh, not balls. They're
sprinklers that look like
mushrooms and waters flowing out
of the mushroom, and people are
standing under the sprinklers
and getting wet.
There's another sea serpent
that's laying in the water and
people are climbing on top of
it. Kids are climbing on top of
the sea serpents.
There's, there looks to be some.
Logs in the water also that
people are standing on and
trying to to balance on.
Lots to do at this park.
And there are. There's one area
away from the swimming area that
has a lazy ride, I forget, it's
on inner tubes, whatever those
are called. The inner tube rides
where the people are just in
tubes and they're lazily.
Floating down the river.
And.
Sometimes there's a bridge
crossing over the the lazy
lagoon and people are standing
on the bridge squirting the
people in the inner tubes and
looks like they're having a lot
of fun and lots of people just
relaxing in their inner tube as
they float along.
And on the one side of the
bridge, there's a seating area,
so if you don't want to be in
the water, sit and get a tan on
your blankets.
In the.
The green area.
And that is it.
#END_make_a_splash
Let's see.
Hey, next is a short story.
OK.
This story has 44 slides to it,
so some of the pages will have
more items than other pages to
talk about.
OK.
#START_wanderer The first page
of the story is it's 6.
Pictures.
3 rows of two pictures each. In
the first picture top left
shows.
A person, I don't know if it's a
person in a costume or a
creature that has, is black.
And it has a horn coming out of
it.
Or head and a horn coming out
the back of its head and he's
helping a young man.
Fold a large piece of paper or
fabric, a white piece of paper
or fabric, and they and so they
fold it one time over on the top
left. After the second picture,
on the top right is there
folding each of the corners in
and again it's this black figure
in a cape with the horns.
And a young man in the striped
shirt with blonde hair, a hat, a
white hat.
In the middle 2 pictures they
are folding the bottom half up
towards the corners that were
folded and in the the.
Next picture, they folded the
other side and it looks like
they're folding a hat that we
used to make we were kids to
Umm.
Put on.
So they've come in the bottom
right, left picture, they're
still folding up the hat, and
then the bottom right picture,
it's done. They finish their
sailor hat that is made out of
paper or fabric, and they're
both holding it up in the air.
And then the next page that you
look at is a boat.
On top it's a pirate ship, a
very strange looking pirate ship
with.
Sails that.
Are balloon like.
And it has a little.
City on top.
And underneath, instead of
having a propeller, it has what
looks like a submarine
containment that's a round
shape.
that
Someone could live in underneath
the water and there's a fan.
Looks like a a kind of
propeller, a fan propeller that
would move.
The boat.
Mechanically and I can see now
this little hat.
That the man and the the black
being made is floating on the
water towards the boat, or the
boat is floating towards it.
And the boat
The little hat.
Boat
It's floating on the water. At
least it looks like water. It
could be sand dunes, I can't
really tell, but there are
seagulls that are floating above
it, they're flying above it. And
so this little hat in the whole
2 pages is the whole scene is
the birds flying through the air
and the little hat,
A paper hat floating on the
water below them.
And out of the water, what looks
to be water, anyway, comes some
strange looking turtles.
Umm.
On the left side of the picture
is the hat.
It's floating But it's been
stopped by turtles that have
come up out of the water who are
curious about what this is.
And one of the birds has also
flown down and is floating on
the water looking into the hats.
Umm but.
It seems like the.
Turtles have decided that.
They're going to let the hat
pass and it floats on towards a
large.
Something. You can't tell what
it is, but it's a large.
brick, rock formation or some
kind of formation coming out of
the water and the birds are
flying are a bird is flying past
it and it's got big white dots
on it.
And as we.
As the page has turned, the hat
is stuck on.
This large, it looks like what
is now a fin of a whale.
Umm.
The whale.
wanted to. {Oh, I'm sorry.
Shoot.
I'm sorry, can I take a moment?
I'm sorry.
So with that.
Alright, let's OK.
I think. }
So it looks like there's the
whale has decided that it would
like to wear the paper hats or
the paper boat, and has found a
way to get it onto his fin, his
dorsal fin, and he's.
Swimming through the water so
that it's kind of sticking out
in the hat is above the water.
And underneath the water there
is.
Beautiful.
Fish life.
And you see on the next page
there's, well, there's a
swordfish and lots of schools of
little fish swimming around the
swordfish.
And on the right side of the
page there are lots of fish
swimming through the water and.
Algae and coral that's filled
with life with fish.
Tiger fish and.
Just many different kinds of
fish.
And coral.
Next page.
This picture is of these two
pictures are of the coral life
underneath the water again and
that the.
The whale seems to have.
Let go of the hat boat and it's
floating again.
And it has floated up on top of
some other fish, some smaller
fish that are in a big school.
So I don't know if once they go
into the water the boat the the
hat will float on, or if they've
decided that they want to wear
it. But for now the hat is stuck
on this large group of fish.
And underneath them are just
another beautiful view of
underwater life, of coral and
fish who live in the coral and
big schools of fish who swim
together.
Next page.
So the hat
Is floating on.
And it looks like underneath the
on the first page.
Underneath the hat.
Are again another scene of of
life, of underwater life, of
coral fish. And there are two.
Strange looking fish.
That are.
Hiding behind a piece of coral.
That's flowing and they are
kissing. They are kissing fish.
They have arms and hands and
fingers and hands, but they have
fish heads.
And it's the fish heads that are
kissing, but they also have
bodies.
And under coming out of the hat
that's now floating on the
water, or what looks like
tentacles or some kind of
spaghetti strings hanging down
from the hat now. And
something's happening to the
hat.
Something else has attached
itself to the hat.
And I can't really tell what it
is.
Umm.
But.
The next page shows that there's
a fishing pole, something has
gotten into the hat and is now
fishing, and there's a fishing
pole coming and, and there's
still the the the filaments or
the tentacles coming from the
hat.
Into the water.
But attached to the fishing pole
of fish has taken the bait and.
has um now stuck to the pole.
And the other there are more
human looking fish.
One of them has a pair of
scissors in his hand and it
looks like he's going to cut the
line so the little fish can go
free and not be caught.
Um, while the other fish are
watching this happen, there are
some striped fish and other
schools of fish that are
watching this human looking fish
cut the fishing line.
Turn the page.
In this picture, the first
picture of the two.
The fish has decided that they
want to know what this is, so
they form a, one Fish, gets up
on the top of a piece of coral
and another fish stands on his
head and they look into the hat
boat.
And there's still the filaments
coming from the hats.
It's very hard to say what that
is, but underneath the coral,
where the two fish are standing
looking into the fish hat, there
are more.
Striped swimming around.
Waiting to find out what's
happening.
And this filament.
I just noticed is also.
Starting to come down from the
coral. It's strings. I can't
really tell what they are but.
Umm.
Anyway, it's looking like the
water is filling up with this
string that's coming from this.
Little hat and on the next page
there's a Stingray that also
has, that's swimming around that
also has this filament or these
strings flowing from it down to
the sea bottom.
And out of the sea bottom are
these little worms, I think
they're called sea worms, that
have all popped their heads up
out of the sand wondering what's
happening because, and one of
them is so curious that he.
{Ohh.
That might be losing battery.}
One of the sea worms is so
curious that he stretches as
high as he can up to look into
the boat at the top of the.
The water. And he sees that.
One of the.
fish
Has gotten into the boat.
Umm.
And anyway, so that next page.
Oh, I see there are.
Lots of these Stingrays. There's
a whole school of Stingrays.
Floating by.
Underneath the boat.
OK, next page.
So the hat is having has now
picked up a passenger.
A little.
Some kind of little sea worm
fish.
And anyway, he's continuing his
trip and comes to a large group,
a large.
Umm.
Group of trees in the middle of
the.
Or water, and in the trees sit
these beautiful herons and
cranes. White herons and cranes
are sitting in the trees.
And starting to grow from the
water are flowers, white flowers
that look like daisies and so
the in the first page the the
hat is just floating along.
Heading towards the the past.
Floating past this, these trees
full of these birds, these
beautiful long necked birds of
herons and cranes and maybe even
egrets.
OK, next page.
And they have decided to go in
amongst the trees to check out
the birds.
So.
The page is divided into 2
sections. The top section is of
the tree with the birds and it
shows the roots of the trees
that the birds are in and the
roots are going down into the
water and under the water are
more beautiful fish, fish who
live there and.
There's actually a big shark
looking fish in the background
and there's more coral and the
fish live in the roots of these
trees.
And on this this second page as
the.
As the hat is passing through or
passing into the area where the
trees are, there are more
schools of fish and there's a
starfish underneath and.
There are fish with white eyes
watching, watching the whole
scene, and there's a large
school of fish swimming through
the roots of the trees.
But the hat just passes by.
Next page.
And the hat is getting deeper
and deeper into the forest of
trees.
And.
Up in the trees, in addition to
the white birds that you don't
see anymore, there are other
kinds of animals. And there's
another type of bird, a little
dark bird, who's sitting up on
the tree branch, and other birds
that have.
White eyes watching.
Watching the hat pass by.
And he still has.
A little.
He's still oh, I guess it's a.
What is this called?
Can't think of it. He has a
little passenger in his hat.
Also has a little hat on his
head now, and as they're
floating past and through these
trees, there are lots of
creatures with white eyes
looking at them as they pass by,
and they're actually something
with hands reaching out to the
boat. The little hat boat as
it's floating by, but it doesn't
seem to be in any danger yet.
Although it could be a dangerous
scene, it's getting darker.
OK, next.
OK, so.
The Hat has made its way through
the forest of trees that had the
birds in it, and this picture is
also.
Shows, uh,
Above water and about. Well,
about 1/3 above water and 2/3
below water. Above the water,
the little creature that's
floating in the hat, he looks
like a seahorse.
Looks out into the water and
realizes that.
He sees something underneath,
something different. There's
actually.
A kind of shellfish. No, not a
shrimp.
Some kind of shellfish.
Eyes and tentacles come up out
of the water to look at the
little seahorse in the hat.
And there's another shellfish
that's riding this.
Lobster. That's what it looks
like.
And they're riding past, but
they see as as the lobster's
eyes reach up out of the water
and see the hat they're just
riding past and take and observe
the hat.
And on the next page, the hat
has exited the.
The forest of trees and.
The little seahorse that was in
the hat sees that his friends
have been following him and are
they called back to him to come.
When he jumps out of the hat and
he loses his own little hat, it
goes back into the boat.
And he goes back into the sea
where his friends are and where
it's inhabited by other.
New types of fish. I see an eel
and some other flowers and.
Different unique kinds of sea
life.
And the and the hat is floating
on.
Turn the page.
In this picture on the left hand
side we see a what looks like a
whale and the whale.
Is.
Instead of floating horizontally
in the water, it's floating
vertically in the water.
And you can't. If you were
floating on top of the water,
you would not know that it's a
whale, because.
Almost all of the whale is
underneath the water, except for
what looks just like a big rock
on top of the water and on top
of this rock.
Are birds sitting there enjoying
Their sun, enjoying the sun and
and the ability to rest after
flying for so long, and there's
also a pipe with smoke coming
out of the rock. Maybe the whale
is.
Smoking a pipe, but anyway,
underneath the water where you
would be able to see that it's a
whale.
You can see the underside of the
whale and his fins, and there
are some little fish that are
swimming around him and there's
also some more tentacles or some
filaments that are coming from
the whale and what that is yet
on the next page.
The whale, oh is a new creature
that the Hat
Has floated towards.
Umm.
Looks very similar to the first.
Whale, the whale on the other
page, except this creature,
which is also underwater for the
most part and only looks like a
rock on top of the water, has.
A hook or a pole with something
hanging from it. I can't really
tell what it is, but underneath
the water is a creature that's
very interesting. It's black
with these big pincher arms
coming out of it and a colorful.
Coral tail and coral coming off
its back and its mouth is full
of very sharp teeth with a
bright white eye. But the little
hat can't see this. It's
floating on the water.
The only people who can see what
this creature looks like is.
People that can see under the
water like us as we're looking
at the page and this creature is
standing on a boat.
or a pile of old boats that have
sunk.
Maybe it actually destroyed
these boats. There's.
I see the boats and their old
masts that are just in a pile.
Next page.
These two pages are a picture
of.
Many different creatures. We
are. No, I guess we. I can't
tell if we're on the sea
anymore. Actually, we are.
There's the hat. It was almost
disguised. I couldn't find it.
But there's the hat. He's still
floating.
But this scene is taking place
on top of the water, and like
underneath the water, it's
fantastical. There are all kinds
of creatures. There are flying
creatures, um birds with.
Striped wings and tails that
look like fins. The dorsal fin
of a of of a shark and there is
actually a shark floating
through the air.
And there are.
Birds that with a hat that looks
like a jester hat and a body
that looks like a jester body
with triangles on it.
And then there's a there's a
fish that looks like the moon.
That's.
Got all kinds of different
shapes on it, with a tail and a
little mouth and eyes on one
end, but it's colorful and and
light like the moon and it's up
in the sky.
And on top of the water.
There are there's a creature
like an elephant that he has
flowing ears and a lion and
horses and leopards, but all
oddly shaped. They have fins for
hands and fins for feet.
Umm, and a cat jumping into the
hat.
A cat with a long tail and fin
feet.
And an aardvark looking creature
also.
Turn the page.
So the hat floats on. It's
seeing many many different sites
and creatures and nothing usual.
And now it's just dark and it's
floating through.
The night.
Umm.
The sky is filled with stars,
bright stars and planets, and a
and a Crescent moon and the. The
on the left side of the page is
the hat, just floating across
the dark water and underneath
are are are eyes just.
Pairs of eyes looking and
swimming through the water, but
the hat is unaware of these eyes
because he's on top of the water
and just floating. The only
thing the hat can see.
Is the stars in the sky and and
the next page is just nothing.
It's just the the the eyes
underneath the water and the
Crescent moon and the Milky Way
full of stars in the sky.
Those eyes that were underneath
the water have now come to the
surface of the water and have
surrounded the Hat. This picture
is just full of.
The hat is almost in the middle
of the picture and the fish.
With the glowing eyes have come
up out of the water and
surrounded the hat and are
looking at it.
Hundreds of them.
And the hat is still white and
glowing, so they're wondering
what it is. Turn the page.
And that the fish seemed to have
said OK, you're fine. And they
let the hat go and it's floats
along the fish have all turned
around and gone back under the
water.
But now flowing as the as the as
the hat is flowing along,
floating along.
Out of the sky comes the Aurora
borealis, but it's a strange
Aurora borealis. It's a it
starts lowering itself to the
water, but it's in beautiful
ribbons above the Hat and it's,
hangs down on filaments from the
sky and it is really quite
lovely. And it fills up the
whole second page where the the
the hat is floating towards it.
It just covers the sky.
Turn the page.
And as the hat floats on, it's
now floating. The first page
comes upon an iceberg.
That's an ice shelf actually
it's not pointed it has its flat
top but it the has floating past
this ice shelf.
Umm.
That's.
Takes up almost the whole page.
Of the first page, and then gets
even bigger on the second page,
and the hat hasn't reached the
second page yet it's just
floating towards the second
page.
But the ice
Shelf or the iceberg is just
floating.
On the sea.
Turn the page.
So we see that the hat has
floated north.
As it comes to the cold regions
where it went past the iceberg
and now it's floating in.
Seas that are full of ice, small
ice.
Particle particles of ice
floating in the water and then
the first page it's floating
through a.
A hole in the ice.
Would that be?
The water has created this hole
in the ice.
And on the other side of the
hole are these beautiful trees
that are covered with snow that
would almost look like a
Christmas tree.
But there are snow covered, so
he's obviously floating into a
very cold area and underneath
the ice.
Floats are little tunnels, and
the shell or the the.
The hat
Has floated into these tunnels.
And it's just trying to find his
way out.
Ice tunnels.
Turn the page please.
So the.
Hat has made his way, floated
past the ice tunnels.
And is heading towards the open
sea when he comes.
across.
Something that shines a light on
him. It's coming from the bottom
of the ocean or underneath.
And whatever it is, it's the
spotlight that has spotted the
little hat.
And so on the next page it shows
a a a sea creature that has.
Umm.
It can't live under the sea. It
can't breathe water. So it has a
tank of air on its back and lots
of different tubes coming away
from it. And the tubes, one of
them has the light that is was
shined on the hat. So the
creature has come out of the
water and has picked up the hat
and is looking at it.
Umm.
And.
It's just hard to say what this
creature is, but it has.
Not even fins. It has like leaf
fronds for hands, has a sweater
on.
And just tubes and tentacles
coming from all over the place.
Anyway, this creature has the
hat in its hands, and we will
find out what happens on the
next page.
So.
The hat is floating, but it
looks like the creature may be
with it because one of the the
tentacles of light that the
creature had.
Has.
Helped him swim towards a boat.
There's a huge ship or two ships
that are floating towards the
Hat and they are giving off lots
of smoke in the first on the
first page. Just the the whole
top page. The whole top of the
page is filled with smoke.
And the ship is headed right
towards the little hat.
And on the second page.
The birds are back and and
flying along the the bottom part
of the boat.
But.
Actually, maybe the.
No, what I think is the first
page is the boat and then the
second page is the boat has.
Moved, has seen the hat and has.
We're now on the other side of
the boat. You can see the side
the anchor is moored up and
where it belongs in the top of
the ship. And the water is
coming out of holes on the
bottom of the ship. And the
birds are flying where the
water's coming out. And the ship
is very tall and it has lots of.
Rooms in it. You can see little
windows at the top where there
may be people or something
living up there. Turn the page.
So.
I.
I can't really tell on the first
page here, but the hat is moving
along. It's floating.
{Oh gosh.
You know what?
Megan, my batteries going to die
on me. Do you have a minute
where I can run and get my
battery?
OK. Sorry, one SEC.
OK.}
So.
I can't really tell.
On this first page.
If it's dark at night, or if
it's just the smoke.
Um, that's polluting the air.
But the picture is very dark
with lots of smoke, and it seems
like the smoke is killing the
birds. So the birds are the
beautiful birds that were flying
all around the sea are now
falling from the air into the
sea.
Looks like they are dying or
dead, and as the hat is
floating, one of the birds lands
on the hat.
On the first page, and then as
we get to the second page, we
see that there's.
What looks to be like an oil rig
in the middle of the ocean and
it's spewing.
Tons and tons of pollution, just
terrible smoke. And this smoke
is killing the birds. They have
no air to breathe and they're
also killing the fish. It looks
like they're fish, fishing.
There's a big whale hanging from
a crane off of this rig in the
middle of the sea and.
Yeah, so.
It looks like there might even
be some fish in the water. I
don't know if they're dead, they
may be dead as also.
Underneath the.
Terrible.
Rig in the middle of the sea
that's spewing smoke, lots of
deaths.
Turn the page.
So this.
On this first page, it seems to
be a death star in the middle of
the ocean.
That there are creatures on
board that have guns and as the.
Hat.
Is passing by.
They shoot it and one of them
shoots a hole in the hat, and
they're also shooting the fish
and they're shooting the the
creature that was under the
water that helped the hat.
And it's just bringing death and
destruction.
So it looks as though though on
the next page that the.
The creature, The person.
I guess he was trying to escape.
Maybe it was someone who was
trying to escape this.
Rig.
Anyway, he on the next page.
The hat
Has a life preserver in it and
is floating along, and it looks
like he's going to try to save
the person who is trying to
escape this terrible death.
Death platform in the middle of
the ocean.
And there's also a little.
I can't tell if it's a creature
or if that's just the fuel tank
of the ship.
Next page.
Yes, so the hat, even though it
has a hole in it.
On the first page throws the
life preserver to the the the
being that was trying to escape
the oil platform.
And it was killing everything.
And they float, they begin
floating and there's a big wave,
so it carries them away.
To.
Back to.
The original.
Creature that was helping to to
make the hat, the creature that
was in the Black Cape and the
black suit with the white horn
out of his head and the white
horn coming at the back of his
head.
Umm.
He's on a on a boat that's made
of a seashell and he has these
strange looking horses and.
Deer, antelope, and a jester.
And little.
White little creatures. And they
have. They're attached to a
kite, and the hat is floating
towards this this strange group
of creatures.
And there's even a cat standing
up in the mast.
And.
Next page.
But as they try to reach.
The as as the Hat tries to reach
the.
The the the seashell boat with
all the creatures on it, a huge
wave comes along and engulfs the
hat and picks it up, and it's
one that curls so as if a surfer
could go through the curl of it.
When it's, you know when the
wave is breaking, the hat is
stuck in that and it's it's
flying, it's floating up towards
the top of the wave, looking as
if it's going to be crushed.
And on the next page as the.
As the hat is floating.
To its destruction, the.
Umm, its.
Maker, the the creature with the
Black Cape and the horns coming
out of his head, who's riding in
the seashell with the horse, the
crazy horses, and the the man
that he saved, the creature that
he saved, that the hat saved
with the.
Life preserver.
The man, the the creature that
originally.
Folded the hat, has a paper
airplane in his hand, and it
looks as if he's going to throw
the paper airplane to the hat to
try to save the hat from
destruction.
The next page.
Hmm.
So the picture.
What happens is I don't know
what happened to the.
The boat with the seashell and
all the creatures in it.
Or anything, except that we see
the hat floating. He still has a
hole in it.
From being shot.
But there's a bolt of lightning
that has come down to the sea.
surrounded by all the smoke, and
it's a light that lights up,
separating the smoke and the
sea, and on the next page,
through the dark comes the.
Umm.
The paper airplane swooshing
through the air.
So I guess the little hat
survived.
The wave and he floats on and
the next scene, the next page is
just the paper airplane flying
through the air over the sea.
Next page.
And.
As the paper hat floats along,
it comes to an area that looks
like Donuts floating on the sea.
And these Donuts are actually.
As, so he floats into one of the
donut holes or into the arch,
and there are hundreds of them.
But what he finds out in the
next picture is that these.
The Donuts were actually sea
creatures or sea serpents.
And they come to life, and one
of them picks him up and looks
at him.
And he keeps what he keeps
floating. And then he sees
another set of creatures on the
other side of these these the
sea serpent.
And this creature has a big,
it's like a narwhal. He has a
big harpoon coming out of his
head, and his eyes are glowing
and he's waiting for the little
hat to come floating out of the
sea serpents area. Next page.
And as the hat floats by the
narwhal creature.
Shoots water from his nose into
the hat.
And tries to capsize it.
But the hat survives.
Not much worse for the wear and
continues on his journey.
To where it looks as if there's
land.
And a human looking bird
creature.
This creature.
That creature is standing on
land with propellers all around
him and old bottles of wine and
old cans of.
pop and just standing there
watching the hat for by.
And the smoke is starting to
dissipate and there's a bird in
the air, so it looks like the
bird the the hat is getting away
and moving away from the death
and destruction of that oil rig.
Next page.
So
The water.
Of the.
The water that the creature
poured into the hat.
Made it soggy and it started to
sink and it began to sink into a
world of jellyfish. Beautiful
jellyfish with.
Beautiful colors and just
floating along and the hat.
Began to float among them.
Jellyfish with round umbrellas.
And the tentacles floating
downward and that looked like
they have a pretty flower on top
of, a four-leaf flower on top.
And the next picture is just.
Again filled with these
jellyfish just floating in the
dark sea. They're light colored
and they have these four-leaf
flowers.
Tentacles. But as they're
floating along, a different kind
of jellyfish comes up, and this
one has a.
A black and white or Gray and
white umbrella shaped, mushroom
shaped top that's different from
the others with long tentacles.
Flowing from it. Long worm like
tentacles flowing from it.
Next page.
So the hat
Makes it through the jellyfish.
And is now floating under the
water.
Umm.
Being carried along at first by
the jellyfish and now he's being
carried along by a school of
fish with glowing eyes and that
look like piranhas. The same
shape as a piranha would be kind
of like an almond shaped eye of
fish and.
Every, we must be deep down
because all the fish have
glowing eyes or no eyes.
And on the next page the Hat
Is surrounded by all kinds of
just floating.
Strange looking.
Jellyfish and lanternfish that
are just floating around.
As well as him.
And as he.
Floats lower and lower, he
settles into the bottom of the
sea. And when, when it's when
suddenly my hat has become a he.
So when my he hat.
Gets to the bottom of the sea.
Little creatures with long legs
and tentacles coming out of
their heads and arms. Long arms.
Climb all over the hat. There
are three of them, and they're
climbing in the hat to
investigate what it is that has
come into their area. And
there's a light that's beaming
down onto the hat so we can
actually see what is happening.
So we can see these three
creatures as they climb into the
hat and feel the hat and
possibly eat the hat. I don't
know.
And the next page though shows
that the hat is actually.
Illuminated by a light.
And the tip of a.
Submarine.
And the submarine is
investigating all of the.
The fish life at the bottom of
the sea and there's a big.
Serpent with tentacles coming
out of his head looking like a
big snake and lots of little
fish that are swimming around
this.
Submarine with lights that are
flashing out into the dark dark
sea.
And the hat is sitting at the
tip of the submarine where the
light is.
And now everything is bright
white again.
And the submarine has picked up
the hat and brought it to the
surface and is draining the
water. The hat is at the tip of
the submarine. The submarine is
almost vertical in the water
with its the tip of it.
At above the water with the hat.
Emptying itself of the water and
there are still some fish
underneath the water where the
rest of the submarine, most of
the submarine is.
But on the next page.
Uh, another submarine was there
with lots of.
Octopus tentacles coming out of
it and birds floating around it
and it looks like the original
submarine that that the boat
that the hat first saw with the
engine, the propeller in the
front.
Umm.
But anyway, the the.
The hat just floats by. It
floats past this strange looking
boat contraption. Octopus boat.
And let's see what its next
adventure is on the next page.
So after he floated by the two
boats, submarine and the the
Whale boat or the octopus boat.
A big wind blew up and picked up
the hat and flew, it started
floating in the air and as it
floated it passed by a group of.
Sea
Seals.
And with those other things, the
seals who were swimming in the
ocean, they were.
Dark colored, Gray and black
seals with glowing eyes and
there most of them were under
the water, but there were four
that were floating vertically in
the water with their heads above
the water and they saw the hat
float by.
And they watched it for by.
Until it passed them and.
In the next on the next picture.
Well, one of those seals was
balancing the hat on its nose.
And so the hats stayed there for
a minute, but the next picture
shows underneath the sea.
More sea life and more
vegetation. See vegetation and
lots more fish coming back to
life.
With.
Yes, more.
Jellyfish and tiger fish and sea
Fern and plants and the the.
The sea, the seal.
Finally, let the hat float by.
Place the heat on the water and
it's floating again now on top
of the water, but underneath the
water you see all the beautiful
sea vegetation.
Umm.
But then it runs into.
Some seaweed that kind of makes
it tilt towards the bottom of
the, towards the sea again, and
underneath you see a picture of
a sea diver.
Looks like he's looking for
pearls.
He's taking pearls from the sea
and some strange sea eels are
helping him harvest these
pearls, and the hat just floats
by.
The boat is by another scene of
a buoy, a sea buoy, that's.
Is there to warn ships that the
the.
The sea is getting shallower and
climbing all over the buoy that
has a light on top.
Are more sea creatures that have
legs and arms and have starfish
heads and glowing eyes. And then
the the the the sea creature
with the.
Underwater.
Oxygen mask.
That was harvesting the pearls
is floating along the top of the
water near the sea buoy.
Riding on his.
Sea creature and the hat just
floats past.
And it floats passed on the next
page, the lighthouse, where it
warns the ships that are in the
backgrounds. There are three
ships in the background. It
warns them of the of shallow
grounds, but the the hat doesn't
have to worry about that because
he's so light and he just floats
by, the boats and the hat. And
there's a lot of smoke in the
background, though, because the
boats are spewing smoke.
And the.
The hat
Continues the float by.
A beautiful pier.
Where
Looks like people may entertain
themselves.
It's up. It's on stilts and.
Beautiful iron work.
And up on top of it is a is a
hall where people would walk and
maybe enjoy a concert. And on
top of this hall is a flag or
flags flying and in the
background there's a a big ship.
And underneath the water that
the the hat.
boat is is floating on are more
fish and more sea life and more
sea farms and as it floats past
this.
This sea
Pier.
Umm.
We see in in the distance
towards the shore. It's it that
this.
Gathering place.
Is way, is a long.
Bridge to the shore.
But there's nowhere for the
boats to get past it.
They have to. They're stuck.
On one side of it. So they must.
Float out towards where the hat
is and float around the the end
of the pier or else they cannot
get out to sea. And on the right
side of the page there's a large
ship that has many, many sails.
It's a very tall ship.
And then there's a steamship,
and all these different boats
are floating on the water as the
little hat floats by.
And that big.
Ship.
Doesn't see the hat.
And so the hat gets caught up in
the wave.
Of it, uh
Up the back of it and it.
Kind of goes over a wave and the
wave takes it towards the city
that that the ships were coming
from.
And also at the base of this big
ship is a tiny ship, looks more
like a tugboat, but attached to
the tugboat is a sailboat and.
A fan that seems to be blowing
the ship forward and also in
this scene of the ocean are some
more birds and fish underneath
the big ship and.
A submarine.
And in the distance is the city
with lots of smoke and.
Big buildings.
Turn the page.
And on the first page we see.
The whale creature.
From many pages ago that was
under the sea that we thought
was just a rock.
He has come to the port where
the boats are and the people are
and the it's we see this big
whale creature with.
Washing himself off with water
tank of water on his back.
And he is pulling up to the pier
where the big ships are are
docked and there's a buoy there
and some men in a boat.
And it looks like this whale is
getting ready to go onto land.
Umm.
But the in the next page, the
hat's just floating by, he
floats by the pier where all the
people are standing, where the
big ships have arrived. A couple
of, some seagulls are flying
around and everybody's waiting
to welcome the big ships.
But the hat just floats by.
And he's floating by this busy,
busy port where there are
cranes, two or three cranes
coming off of this, the roofs of
that unload the ships and.
Fishing ships that are in the
harbor and it's very Gray. It
looks like there's a lot of
pollution here and the, but the
hat just floats by. In the next
scene there's a.
Picture of a crane that's
unloading what looked to be like
a.
A submarine that had been
floating under the water.
That kind of looks it has, it
looks more like a a seahorse
tail.
And that's who is being unloaded
from the water.
And in this scene, it's it's
next to a building that has a
door that.
In which someone can come down
and walk down steps and go into
the sea. Next page.
And the hat stops because he
finds a friendly person who is.
Willing to give him directions.
So he stops for directions and
then he notices also that.
The fishing boat has caught one
of the creatures who he passed
by. The narwhal that he met out
at sea is stuck in the net and.
He asks if they'll let him go.
The Narwhal seems very sad.
Umm.
And so.
It doesn't show what actually
happens to the creature, but the
hat.
Continues to float on by and
sees more birds and.
More ships and.
One of the ships that looks like
it has a big house on it is
called the exploratio.
Umm.
And something else is called the
Pheno or something. I can't read
it, but anyway. So the little
hat pulls up to or is either
floating by or pulling up to a
man that's standing on steps
leading from this city area or
this big boat.
Next page.
And then, after talking with the
man, the little.
Hat boat floats on down the
river that goes through.
From the port, the river
continues on through the city.
And it's actually quite a pretty
city, with houses on each side
of the riverbanks and the a
walkway where people can walk
along the river.
And crossing the seas are.
Bridges where people can live.
um or walk across.
And the city is full of lights
and.
Although there doesn't show many
people there, there are signs
that people live there.
There are also pigeons sitting
on the roofs watching over the
city, and there's a strange.
Winged.
Bird creature. The one that was
sitting on the island with the
propellers and the old glass
bottles and the old tin cans. He
is sitting or walking off a
roof, one of the roofs of the
houses in the city with the
little hat below.
The hat as it floats down the
river is being followed by a
little boat.
Next scene.
And as the boat as the hat is
floating down, it
Comes across all of the
creatures that he found that he
saw out on the sea. The
creatures in the the man with
the black Cape and the horn
coming out of his forehead in
the back of his head, riding the
the polka dot horse and having
with the deer on his boat on his
boat of a seashell.
He is just debarked and going up
the steps.
Into town with his cat and all
of his fellow travelers, along
with the Deep Sea Diver.
Who lit up the hat.
And then on the next page.
More of the creatures that the
man who was riding the sea
creature.
he's pulled up and they're
walking up the steps into the
city, but the hat continues
along its way along the along
the river.
Underneath the city and just
continues on his way.
Next page.
And.
The little black.
Fish from the water with the
glowing eyes.
And the submarine that was
following it are.
Shown in the picture, probably
looking at the hat as it as it
floats on down through the city,
down the river, through the
city.
Umm, and the the scene on the
right page shows the boat
following the little hat and the
hat's floating towards a group
of trees and a lighthouse.
That sits up on a on a wall.
In the city.
Next page.
Butt the hat seems to be
attracted to the House there's a
light shining on it.
So it floats towards the house.
And the tree.
Where the house sits under.
And on the next page it's broken
into four pictures or 6
pictures.
Two on the top, two in the
middle and two in the bottom and
the top 2 pictures.
One picture is of the hat
floating on water.
With a slight shadow looks like
a,
A head, a body, the next.
Picture on top right.
Is the hat still floating. But
there's it's becoming clearer
that there is a shadow on the
hat.
And the hat's beginning to fade.
And the next line down the first
picture to the left the the the
shadow is getting off the hat
and the hat is fading more and
then the shadow gets clearer and
it starts to walk up steps and
the hat begins to fade into the
wall.
And then the shadow.
Becomes a full human.
Person.
And starts climbing steps. The
hat is gone and climbs these
steps to what looks like another
person, but you only see the
bottom parts of the legs. And
then the final block, the the
second scene, third line down is
some you can see both pairs of
legs, one black pair of legs and
one white pair of legs on top of
a wall.
Meeting. #END_wanderer
OK.
Let me.